# weddingknot
. Setup laravel project.  2. Create Registration form with below fields  and also with GOOGLE OAuth  Basic Information Section  first name * last name * email * password * date of birth (date picker) * gender (radio button) * annual income (input box) * occupation (drop down with options Private job, Government Job, Business) family type (drop down with options Joint family, Nuclear family) Manglik  (drop down with options Yes, No)   Partner Preference  expected income (range slider ( https://jqueryui.com/slider/#range  )) occupation (multi-select dropdown with options Private job, Government Job, Business) family type ( multi-select dropdown with options Joint family, Nuclear family) Manglik  (drop down with options Yes, No, Both)   3. After Registration User can able to login  using email id and password and using GOOGLE OAuth Login  4. Create A seeder for dummy users and store dummy users with random info in database (male and female)  5. After login user can see his suggestions(dummy users) based on his partner preferences. calculate match percentage and show in decending order.(use your own logic to calculate match percentage).  6. Logout.  7. Create Admin Account from seeder, On admin panel just show users list. Add filter by age, gender, income range, family type, manglik.  IMP NOTES:  After completing the task create public repository in GitHub or Gitlab or Bitbucket and push the code. don't send zip file or attachment to email. If you don't know about git then you are not eligible. Code should be well formatted and follows PSR guidelines Readme  Try to deploy your project on heroku platform (it's free for testing) Laravel Guid  OR Add screenshots in repository
